# Overview:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Seed Phrases

#### Knowing and understanding the difference between a Seed Phrases and Secret Recovery Phrases before you start trading or creating any type of offline storage, understanding the concepts of how these keys work are imperative because they foundations to your security and also serve as a back door or an alternative way to get into your wallets if you lose your password, or if Metamask was uninstalled and you lost all access to xyz (in this case, Metamask or Ledger) wallet.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Seed Phrase:

A seed phrase (also called as a mnemonic phrase,) is a list of words (usually 12, 15, 18, 21, or 24) generated by your wallet when you create it.
It acts as a master key to all of your cryptocurrency assets, allowing you to recover your wallet/ funds anywhere and on any device, just in case your original device is lost, stolen, or damaged.
The order of the words is important and your seed phrase should always be kept confidential and secure; imagine a pice of paper with your bank log in info. This piece of paper, or however you end up storing your seed phrase, you will need to store in a place you know that NOBODY else will mess with, and it is also in a place you will forever remember where to go if you need it.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secret Recovery Phrase:

A secret recovery phrase is basically the same thing as your seed phrase in the context of crypto wallets.
It is a series of words that grant access to your cryptocurrency holdings and is essential for wallet recovery.
Some wallets may refer to this as a "backup phrase" or "recovery seed."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Differences between the seed phrase and the secret recovery phrase:

The main difference between them is the terminology used in the wallet you are using. So in this case, for MetaMask, a recovery phrase will give you access to the same wallet as a seed phrase would. Not to sound confusing, doubling down here, Seed phrase is the more official term, but in essense, 
Secret Recovery Phrase = Seed Phrase.

Write It Down and keep that a safe: Write down your seed phrase or secret recovery phrase on a piece of paper and store it in a secure, fireproof, and waterproof location. Avoid storing it digitally to prevent any hacking or exploits.
If you do use digital ways to store the seed phrase, I would recommend using the methods we discussed:
- Make a new folder on your PC.
- Copy and paste the seed phrase into a text document inside of that folder.
- Right click on the folder and select "WinZip" and create a .zip folder that is password protected and encrypted.
- Store the .zip folder on a USB drive and store that USB drive in a secure location.
  
- Note: You can also use Veracrypt. This is a more overwelming solution at first because the user interface and experience is absolute dog shit. But if you can get past that. All you have to do is select "Create a new volume." and then select where you want Veracrypt to create the volume. A volume is basically the same thing as a USB thumb drive. So you would have a volume where you can use to store things like passwords and seed phrases and then only mount (same concept as plugging in a usb drive but virtually.) You would select how much size you want the volume to be (dont make it dynamic, thats overkill for this.) I would suggest no more than 2GB. It looks like a lot, but veracrypt is actually very simple and FUCKING secure as shit if you want to go through that more secure process of storing keys and passwords.

- Note: Redundancy is good. Use Multiple Locations: Consider storing multiple copies of your phrase in different secure locations in case one is compromised.
    
- Note: Security is based off of the following basic principle: The higher the convencience, the lower the security will be by default. The more secure methods in most all cases are absolutely NOT the most conventient way to go about things. Its lowkey a pain in the ass sometimes, but that is genuinely necessary in this case.

**NEVER FUCKING EVER** share your seed phrase or secret recovery phrase with anyone. Anyone with access to this phrase can access your funds.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Creating Accounts on KuCoin/ MEXC and extra tips.

KuCoin:
- Visit the KuCoin website and click on "Sign Up."
- Enter your email or phone number, set a strong password, and complete the verification process via your ID (It seems sus doing it if youve never done it before, but they have to follow certain restrictions and laws for Americans to trade on their platform.).
- **DO NOT FORGET TO ENABLE 2FA:** enable Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) using an app like Google Authenticator via on a burner phone you will always have access to.

- To deposit funds, navigate to the "Assets" section and choose "Deposit" to add cryptocurrency to your account. A good method I would suggest funding your kucoin account would be to buy one large pilot test chunk of btc to play with and to transfer it to metamask to hold the funds securely offline (Or just keep 2FA enabled on your cashapp and only send pieces at a time to your kucoin account).

- In order to get your btc over to kucoin if this is the method you chose, you will need to go to the "Deposit" section of your kucoin account and click on "BTC" and then copy the wallet address. 
- Then go to your CashApp account and select "Send" and paste the address into the "To" section and then select the amount you want to send and then send it. 
- It will take a few minutes to show up in your kucoin account, and ALWAYS SLOW THE FUCK DOWN when doing this process. Anytime you are moving money out of one place to another and are messing with wallets and copying and pasting, it is important to make sure that you didnt miss a single number or letter before sending your btc. **If your wallet address says abcxyz123 and you typed in abcxyz1123 or abcxyz12 3, etc, you will be sending it on accident to the wrong address/ person!**

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- I would absolutely recommend buying a Ledger, especially if you plan on holding anything over a grand in it at a time via offline storage, and not on something like CashApp. I will absolutely come back over and walk you through this and installing/ setting up all of these applications if you still need help. I entirely understand the feeling starting out, its like drowning in a sea of information and just desperately wanting to dive head first. You are taking very good steps to keep yourself secure and with risk assessment in mind, I think you will do well if you are able to separate your emotional trading mind from your analytical trading mind. These two usually dont mix well at all. You will end up selling thinking you made the best decision of your life, and then lamenting over the fear of missing out on a potential second or third wave so you end up buying back your original position at a loss before just saying fuck this shit and never checking on your trade because it shit the bed and no profits were ever taken. If you put in $50 and watch it turn into $500, TAKE OUT $50 PUT IT IN CASH, AND GO TO BED! Don't over trade or worry about possibly missing out. Ps are ps, unless they are L's. Most people in crypto draw L's and see very little W's because they take more screenshots than profits. (Based on a true story lol)

- Dont over stress, and NEVER pay for a discord membership! Spend only x time trading. Find a good time you like to trade, like you mentioned shorting and how it can tank at night, maybe you can make a Twitter account and I can help find some good traders to follow that are based out of Asia. 
	- Once you find a good time and a good method, dont break your rules!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When you go into a trade go into it like this:

- what is your take profit range?

- Why are you taking the trade? News? Is there a burn event? For example, $shiba's first big run was when the team put Vitalik (ethereums founder) as a main holder and he just started mass burning the tokens he was given. This caused a massive run up in price because the supply was being burned and the demand was increasing; which by nature is a really good example of a burn event and how it can cause movement.

- What is your stop loss range, where does it sit at?

- What is your thesis? If your "why are you taking the trade" is bullish, do you have a bearish case scenario/ contingency/ fall back plan? If you are bullish, what would make you bearish? If you are bearish, what would make you bullish? Meaning, if your thesis gets flipped, what would make it flip and what are you going to do about it?

- What is your risk of losing?

- How do you feel right now? Are you nervous or are you calm? Note, these emotions especially emotional traders, can use this as valueble indicators. 
For example, If you are nervous, why are you nervous? Is it because you are using too much leverage? Are you in a trade that you planned out and understand? Is it because you are in a trade that you are not comfortable with?

- A rule of thumb I also like to use for day trading NOT FOR SPOT: Never sleep in shorts! Never the less, with day trading in general at the end of the day, if you are in a trade and you are not comfortable with it, gtfo. If you are in a trade and you are comfortable with it, let the shit ride. If you are in a trade and you are in profit, take some profits and go to sleep. (For me personally thats usually 20%. So take whatever amount you are trading at the moment and multiply that by 0.2 and sell that amount and send that profit off to your ledger) If you are in a trade and you are in a loss, just take the L and go to sleep, there is always another pump or dump to long or short. Dont let it get to you, there is always a lose rate to every win rate.
